{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Imaginary Landscape No. 4 Seeding Packet Answers\
\
1. Name the genre: Beethoven's Minuet in G\
2. Name the composer: Max Steiner (Theme from 
\i Casablanca
\i0 )\
3. Name the piece: Franck's Violin Sonata in A major (Mvmt. 2)\
4. Name the composer: Jerome Kern ("The Way You Look Tonight")\
5. Name the movement: Mercury, the Winged Messenger from 
\i The Planets
\i0 \
6. Name the vocalist: Maria Callas\
7. Name the composer: Delibes (Pizzicato from 
\i Sylvia
\i0 )\
8. Name the composer: Raymond Scott ("Powerhouse")\
9. Name the piece: Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 21, K. 467, "Elvira Madigan"\
10. Name the composer: Guillaume Dufay (Nuper rosarum flores)\
11. Name the composer: Webern (Fourth of the 
\i Five Pieces for Orchestra
\i0 )\
12. Name the band: Steely Dan (Josie from 
\i Asia
\i0 )\
13. Name the piece: Chopin's Fantaise-Impromptu\
14. Name the piece: (Haydn's) Symphony No. 103, "Drumroll"\
15. Name the composer: Rameau (Tambourin)\
16. Name the composer: Borodin (Nocturne from String Quartet No. 2)\
17. Name the vocalist: Billie Holiday ("God Bless the Child")\
18. Name the piece: Overture to 
\i The Barber of Seville
\i0 \
19: Name the composer: Terry Riley (
\i In C
\i0 )\
20. Name the composer: Respighi (
\i Fountains of Rome
\i0 )}